docs(README): add more informations (#24)
NodeSecure/i18n: README.md

console.log(i18n.getToken("cli.min_nodejs_version", "14"));
```

> You can consult real use of the API in the following codes: [here](https://github.com/NodeSecure/cli/blob/master/src/commands/lang.js) and [here](https://github.com/NodeSecure/cli/blob/master/src/commands/vulnerability.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can consult the real use case of the API in the following codes: [here](https://github.com/NodeSecure/cli/blob/master/src/commands/lang.js) and [here](https://github.com/NodeSecure/cli/blob/master/src/commands/vulnerability.js).
```

export function taggedString(str: string, ...keys: any[]): (...keys: any[]) => string;
```

## Contributing

> Feel free to contribute new language. You just need to take inspiration from the two languages already supported and replicate the same keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to add a new language. You need to take inspiration from the two supported languages and replicate the same keys.
```
